for the purposes he's Stephen here yet where is he he knows we get underway at
five past on the dock he'll he'll come he'll join us all right everybody welcome
to medical doctors for COVID ethics international and today's discussion
this group is found about Dr. Stephen Frost during the darkest days of the
COVID scam response with a desire to pursue truth ethics justice freedom and
health. Stephen has stood up against government and power over the years
and have been a whistleblower and activist his medical specialist radiology
I'm Charles Cobess the moderator of the group I'm Australasia's passion
provocateur I practiced law for 20 years before changing career 30 years ago and
over the last 13 years I've helped parents and lawyers strategize remedies
for vaccine damage and damage from bad medical advice the latest numbers we've
heard is that is that bad medical advice is now the number one killer in
America I'm also the CEO of an industrial hemp company we comprise lots of
professions here and we're from all around the world many of us thought
that vaccines were okay now many of us proudly say yes we are passionate anti
vexes if this is your first time here welcome and feel free to introduce yourself
at the chat in the chat and where you're from if you publish a newsletter or
podcast or you have a radio or TV show or you've written a book put the links
into the chat so we can follow you promote you and find you and even if
you've done it last week or the week before he putting it into the chat to
make it easy for people to find most of us understand we're in the middle of
World War three and there are various battle lines as part of this war most
of us understand the development of science and that the science is never
settled and then if someone tells you the science is settled you know you're
dealing with a fraud or an idiot some of us believe that viruses exist some of
us believe that viruses are a hoax and some of us are on the fence on the matter
this meeting runs for two and a half hours after which for those with the
time Tom Rodman runs a video telegram meeting Tom puts the links into the
chat if you're able to join we will listen to JJ Kui our guest presenter
for as long as JJ wishes to speak and then we have Q&A there's the third time
that JJ has joined us his previous presentations are available on the
rumble channel Stephen Frost by Longestubbies tradition asked the first
questions for 15 minutes there's no censorship it's a free speech environment
free speech is crucially important in our fight to preserve our human freedoms
if you're offended by anything be offended we're genuinely not interested
we reject the offense industry that requires nobody to say anything that
may offend another I have a standard template of nine potential answers to
somebody who says I'm offended if you want that template put a note in the
chat I'll email it to you it's very useful be ready with your response when
someone says to you I'm offended and also what's Ricky Gervais if you ever
want to be amused by people who claim to be offended we come with an attitude
and perspective of love not fear fear is the opposite of love fear squashes you
love on the other hand expands you we talked before we started we're talking
about Gandhi you know the game plan clearly has to be non-violent non-compliance
with bad government behavior these twice weekly meetings are not just
talk fest an extraordinary range of actions and initiatives have been
generated from linkages made by attendees in these meetings if you have a
solution or product or links or resources that will help you with the details in
the chat the meeting is recorded and he's uploaded on the rumble channel and
they're welcome to our guest presenter Jonathan J. Curie globally
renowned genius and thank you J. J. for giving us your time wisdom and
insights again and thank you Stephen Frost for creating the group and for
organizing JJ to speak to us JJ we are in your hands there Stephen
arrived and there's JJ thanks for coming to speak to us you're very
welcome thank you all for taking the time to listen I'm gonna try and go as
quick as I can because I know that you've heard me before and there's a lot of
buzz about different recent conversations I've had include including one with
Wolfgang Wodach and so it might be that I cover the wrong things here and so I'm
gonna try and fly through it but please keep in mind that I've done a
presentation like this enough so you know I can handle an interruption and it
might be easier if you interrupt when the question is relevant for everybody
rather than waiting until the end and so barring any you know if it becomes a
thousand questions obviously it's probably not good but occasionally I
don't mind at all I need to say well let's JJ I'm happy to do that so
everybody so today because JJ has been with us so many times we'll do it
unusually so if you want to ask a question JJ it's good you watch the
screen JJ if you see your hand come up you know stop when you stop talking and
handle that question does it make sense it does accept all the magic that I have
it makes it very hard for me to watch the zoom so I can't really look at all
handle the hands up okay just put your hands up if you have a question pertinent
to that issue and then at the end when JJ finishes then do we do the normal
price yes fantastic JJ how many times have you spoken to us is it three or
more than three this this could be the fourth time I think so this could be the
fourth time I'm gonna borrow I'm gonna borrow a starting slide from my friend
Vera Sharav I think Edward Bernese's statement is very important here the
conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of
the masses there's an important element in democratic society and those who
manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible
government which is the true ruling power of our country and maybe now with the
internet and with the who and other organizations around public health it
may be that this may be the mechanism by which they plan to rule our global
society and I want to start here all the time just to bring everybody up to
speed I apologize if it's a bothersome thing for those of you outside of the
the UK but I've been trying to explain that we've been fooled into solving a
mystery and I use the example of a cartoon show from the United States
called Scooby-Doo where teenagers solve a mystery every week in the town that
they're driving through and it inevitably involves a monster that needs to have
its mask removed and then the bad guys revealed to be someone that was earlier
in the show what I am suggesting here and something that I want to be very
clear about is it's not in 2020 that this started
but it started a much longer time ago with the co-opting of certain
investigative lines in in primary literature in biology
and so by carefully co-opting certain narratives into the biological
literature and importantly funding investigation into certain ideas in the
primary literature you can seed a series of papers over a series of years that
can imply a danger that's not there it can imply a link that's not there one of
the most spectacular ones from my own field is the preponderance of literature
that's looking at correlations between genes
and autism and often in animal models of autism
and so after many years of funding this kind of research we have
a whole a whole foundation by which anyone who wants to justify the further
investigation into the genetic causes of autism can simply cite all of these
hundreds of papers and build their grand proposal from there
so it's a very dangerous sort of environment in which this this
pseudo-intellectual pursuit occurs because you can't just ask any question
you want you've got to ask a question for which you can get funding
and oftentimes the way that academic biology makes
progress is dictated solely by what questions they're allowed to ask and
with response with regard to RNA viruses that
that general academic pursuit has been hyper controlled for a very long time
and I think if you reflect on all the people that are in involved in
virology and how virology from AIDS onward
has been let's say scripted you can see that there's some
incongruency between the real biology that we can verify and the real biology
that they claim at the same time of course they've been running tabletop
exercises the most famous of one is the most famous example of one
is event 201 but of course we can go back decades and see that there were many
tabletop exercises looking at bioterrorism
what could be done and what could happen now the trick
with this is to understand number three is to understand that they have
gained this out on a table and they've actually run it live before
there was a swine pandemic in swine flu pandemic in
1976 that was part of this there was one in 2009 that was part of this that
afterward was analyzed over and over again especially from different
country's perspectives and how the language barrier in a place like
Belgium played a huge role in the uptake of the
vaccine they analyzed this like a a post-war analysis of the battle plan
and lamented about the fact that they didn't have the kind of social media
reach in 2009 that they have now and that maybe they would have been more
successful in the Flanders section of Belgium the french speaking part
had they been able to to work into that language a little better
all of these things have been gained in such a way so that this time around
the actual presentation of the narrative at the very beginning was hyper-controlled
right down to the three word phrase build back better or new normal
these kinds of things were just as this is the obvious this is the one they
made videos about so that everybody got excited about
look all these world world leaders are saying build back better but nobody
got really suspicious about some of the other things that everyone was
agreeing about including the fact that this was a pandemic
the attributes of the pandemic were actually early on seated in such a way
I believe so that the narrative of worst case scenario was present from the
beginning and that people could already consider in January of 2020
that if these people are lying about it and it is the worst case scenario we
could all lose several people in our lives that billions of people were
going to die and so this worst case scenario was
extremely important number one to make sure that everybody complied from
masks to lockdowns to getting iPads and putting your kids in front of them
all the way eventually to the end of 2020 where the
transfections using a dentavirus or using mRNA and lipid nanoparticles
were taken gladly because of the fear of worst case scenario
they of course told this story under the pretense of a national security
response and so the people that were curating this narrative were also
kind of under some constraints under what they could say
and were required to say that we're at war with this virus and that is
is biblical and finally the whole idea and I really believe this with all of my
heart that one of the main objectives of the original
three years was to make sure that a story about a virus spike protein could be
confounded with the story of transfection to that spike protein
so that when transfection didn't work out as well as they hoped it would
they would be able to blame it on the poor
rust choice of the spike protein as the transfection target
rather than transfection in general and now we can move on to
subsequent generations of this technology
purporting to solve some of the problems that are there
and I will include the double-stranded DNA contamination in this general
ruse to try and confuse us about what effects are coming from where
early but I want is high morbidity I want people to complain
so what do I do I go to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the
screen I have nothing against Des Moines I live there for four years
I go to Des Moines I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines
I go to Seattle I infect a couple of cases there
okay so we've listened to this video before this video is Dr. Giordano
Dr. I can't remember his first name shoot but anyway it doesn't matter
Dr. Giordano he works for the US Army and he's explaining here
how a seeding of a few annoying cases using a toxin or some other substance
which would cause people to go to the hospital and complain
could be combined with an internet campaign to create the illusion of
spread and then that illusion of spread could be claimed by a
terrorist group and also denied by governments
and you could cause confusion that would cause a rift between the populace
and their government and that would ruin a country over time
now although this is not exactly what I think happened I think that
this presentation from 2017 really puts out an outline which we need to
consider as a real possibility has an alternative to the idea that
either a natural or a lab leak virus has circulated the globe for the last
four and a half years and that it has changed its flavor
several times across the entire globe in a sort of
almost I don't know color changing kind of manner
this story doesn't have any foundation in biology but this one has stories
in has a foundation in military lectures it has a foundation in biology
and it has a foundation in previous tabletop exercises which discussed
these kinds of things so number one a military response with the ability to
drive local mass casualty events I believe that it's very possible
that in the places where the script called for a lot of people to get sick
there was also a military presence to make sure that that appearance was
maintained doesn't necessarily mean that 20,000 people were
killed in four weeks in New York but that seems to be the numbers right now
we don't have death certificates we don't have any firm evidence of where
these 20,000s bodies went but the numbers that are officially
reported are a mass casualty events that begins and ends in four weeks
there's no evidence of spread after that and these numbers need to be corroborated
because again the New York City was a place where lots of people rush to help
including people like Pierre Corey who although he came after that 20,000
event was very quickly in front of the US Senate telling about how this was a
war and that this was crazy deadly and that it was a real battle
and so we've got to be very careful here because it's very likely that the
beginning of the pandemic in these places where these mass casualty events were
occurred people were also co-opted they walked in they said hey this is a
national security thing we don't know how bad it's going to be
it could be worst case scenario we need your help we're glad you came
but we need this message delivered to social media you're a credible guy
i think you can handle it but you're gonna have to stay on script a little bit
because the worst case scenario we need everybody to believe it
so that they comply so that they lock down so that they wear their masks so
that we figure out whether this is really bad or whether it's ongoing
and so they could have scared it and threatened him
not saying that anybody was given a a suitcase of cash and you know
and and and that's how they did this i'm saying that
that the people who ran this used the worst case scenario to co-opt all of
these people to make sure that they stayed on narrative
and at the same time in the background there are financial and legal incentives
to declare covid and at the same time there's this
social media campaign where the worst case scenario of a lab leak is already
being whispered about and at the same time there are people
on regular tv already denying that that's crazy
and now if you institute inside of hospitals
little tweaks to different knobs little tweaks to different procedures so
that the average all-cause mortality goes up
and then you have a couple specific things that when they test positive or
there's a set they're suspected of being covid
you can get a lot of money if you put them on this protocol and you're also
free of legal obligation if you put them on this protocol
then there's going to be a lot of hospitals especially in america who are
going to put them on this protocol if you also combine that with
social policies like do not resuscitate orders to
EMTs or or any countless other ways that they mistreated old people in
nursing homes you can also increase all-cause mortality
under the umbrella of this spreading covid virus
emergency social policies and these covid hospital protocols then need to be
ignored by the people who are perpetuating the worst case scenario
narrative not because they're mean but because this is part of the way
that this would work we didn't know anything then there were no numbers we
can look back now and look like wow you should have known better but we
really can't say it then and that's how i got stuck into this too
that's the reason they convinced the public that a lab leak cover-up was
happening before their eyes i was involved in a drastic twitter
group that also convinced me that i was breaking the story of a lab leak
right before my eyes i felt like i was being a hero
and so they roped us in to figuring this mystery out into fighting about it
and all the while they they also used australia and new zealand as lockdown
examples where they threw people on the ground and forced them to get in
masks and they brought them to trailers away from their house to
to be quarantined they couldn't do that in america but they needed to show
the rest of the world what could be done and what might work what a real lockdown
looks like then they needed people like bret weinstein in america to
complain that while we didn't lock down hard enough otherwise we'd already be
at zero covid zero covid being a real thing that
we talked about for two years that we've all forgotten about but that was a
real debate
and so the way that they they hid all of this activity was to just agree that
we're going to talk about a novel virus we're going to talk about millions of
people died we're going to talk about millions more could be saved you just
listen to me and we're going to talk about gain of function being a real likely
source of it and therefore this danger will come again and again
and if you don't question this stuff you can say anything else
and they have been laying this narrative for decades that cell culture and
animal passage can access pandemic potential and now we can stitch them
together and it's even worse and they want us to pass this idea
onto our children so that they grow up with these boogie men forever
that this mythology governs their behavior
and i believe there are a number of people on the internet that were
recruited before the pandemic for narrative control not even knowing there
was going to be a pandemic just thinking that wow i get to help out with the
the governance structure of america by being the new social media the new
media the new mainstream media i get to be that guy
that's so fun
joe rogan doesn't have a hundred million dollar contract on spotify
for nothing
and so we had guys like this in america in uh february of 2020 listen carefully
hell
biblico
i kid you now
back what we thought of it
people come in or you can't hear it
just try ging ging try ging ging
maybe i have to switch my sound settings we can we can hear it just a bit muffled
to the start oh okay that's good all right i'll play it
sorry it's very quick
biblico
i kid you not
people come in
i get intubated
they die the cycle repeats
you overwhelmed
yeah the the systems overwhelmed all over the place
my daughters in intern in brooklyn first year
resident she starts the icn today
i couldn't sleep last night it's it's scary
nine eleven now what you know here oh sorry he says one more thing
he said nine eleven is nothing compared to this now what's important to see is
that that guy was also featured on tucker carlson
so even though we now know when we look back at
new york city most of the hospitals were empty
that guy was on fox news telling the united states the whole world
that it was biblico like hell
and they had world leaders saying that it was a pandemic and it's we're gonna
it's the new normal we're gonna build back better they had people on the news
saying this they had virologists agreeing that the ace two receptors sir
her ace two receptor uh affinity sure seems to indicate that they enriched
this in a laboratory maybe even with humanized mice
and none of these people acknowledged that there was this huge
propaganda campaign that caused fear and uncertainty and doubt they sent
old attending physicians home because the virus was so dangerous you
didn't want these and people that were near retirement to be in the OR
or into the ER rather they sent old professors home from
universities said don't come in you should just take early retirement
because if you come into a university you could get this terrible thing
and you could die they told people not to resuscitate people because you'll
spread the virus when you give them CPR you better use ventilators with a higher
pressure setting than you've ever used before because otherwise they might
spread the virus you have it these people can talk or that doesn't
matter sedate them invent them because they get
covid money then thirty five thousand dollars a person
and they get no there's no liability for the
for the for the care of that person if they designated them covid
lack of antibiotic use was just built into the protocol
poor use of steroids was just built into the protocol
eventually madazzalam and remdesivir was built into the protocol
the opioid deaths have gone up every year in america since
2017 or something like that but since the start of the pandemic they're going
up much more rapidly these are not excess deaths that can
be discounted but they are excess deaths that very easily hospital
administrators could call covid and did more importantly
these deaths happen across age groups which reduce
the expected lifespan of america and then they can be pointed to us saying look
at what covid did and without any honest accounting of what's actually
happening in america what's actually killing people in america
these deaths are getting mixed up as covid because they only care about excess
and if you compute it wrong all of those are excess
death certificate fraud financial incentives and then we go to track and
trace which happened in america for literally a year they had
whole companies that were making phone calls to warn you that
somebody that you work with was tested positive
and then we go all the way back to the beginning and we find this pcr
fraud this lateral flow test fraud and likely sequencing fraud
which we have all come to accept as being evidence of something which
it's not and we've come to accept that evidence
because no matter who we got into arguments with they just seem to all
be stuck on this novel virus is being real
it's the limited spectrum of debate that we've been trapped in for four years
it's the way that we get our family and friends out is by
alerting them to the idea that this hasn't been a vigorous debate it's been
a very limited debate actually tricked you
into solving a mystery that got you to accept their monster
they started us out in the beginning of the pandemic got a lonely road all by
ourselves with only social media and mainstream media to look to besides
our family and then no matter who you got in the car with
they were going to tell you a story about a novel virus that killed millions that
we should be able to save more people from if we would just give them these
novel treatments and gain a function it's definitely a
possibility and the virus will come again
and so it didn't matter who you chose it was a random card if you got lucky
and chose Mike Eden well and maybe you were losing your mind for three years
because no one else agreed with you if you heard
Wolfgang Wodock before he stops speaking up because of censorship
he might have been gone crazy by now but if you found any of these other people
on TV or on social media you're still hot in the debate about oh my gosh these
people were lying to me Brett Weinstein was hot on this
telling about lab leak and natural virus he even had a member of drastic on his
show named Yuri Dagan who was the first guy to
identify the fear and cleavage site that supposedly
set this from a normal average coronavirus into something that could skirt
the world for five years like a lightning bolt
most recently i got courted by and one of the things that happened not most
recently but most relevant to the story i want to tell you today
is that Charles Rixie a member of drastic and an American came to my
house in Pittsburgh to convince me that my assessment of the diffuse
proposal which is a leaked grant proposal which
supposedly describes the insertion of fear and cleavage sites
into coronaviruses and them spraying them into bad caves by
eco-health alliance was likely a fake i said that a moment that the moment
that anybody showed it to me i said that's got to be a fake
there's no way that anybody would have written that grant proposal and if they
did write that grant proposal they wrote it just so that people would believe
that these experiments would be done they're ridiculous and even if they
did them my current conclusion is there's
this doesn't create pandemic potential but it does create this
ongoing debate about whether that's pandemic potential or not which is the
f these scooby-doo to begin with so this guy
was involved in that he actually came to my house he's one of the people who
claims that he released the the the diffuse proposal to the public now
why is this important with regard to kevin mccurnan well kevin mccurnan is
this guy who worked for the the human genome project he's not a doctor
or a phd but he's a very clever guy he's sold a lot of patents to different
companies a lot of companies he's sold or got bought out because he's got a lot
of ideas about how to sequence dna so there's no question that he's sharp as a
knife the deal is though is that he's been on my stream at least
twice he came on my stream in the first two years
to talk about the transfection to talk about the RNA impurities to talk about
what would happen when they code on optimized
the RNA and so we we we had an ongoing relationship but at some point in time
that ongoing relationship tumbled and stopped
because i said that the double stranded dna
in the shot was probably not the worst thing that's in there and even if that
wasn't in there it would still be bad which is what i thought we agreed on
already with the previous two times we had discussed this
however that kind of fell apart why is that interesting
well it's interesting because after being blocked for over a year it looks
like robert malone is promoting kevin mccurnan and a particular article
it's a particular article about the diffuse proposal and about how the
diffuse proposal has had some extra evidence brought
forth because hey a foyer request reported by emily cough
has um has shown that they ordered some of the enzymes that would have been
needed in the proposal that they had some email conversations about the
contents of the proposal so these these
these other orbiting documents are argued by robert malone
kevin mccurnan a guy by the name of ark medic and jessica rose all to be
further evidence that the diffuse proposal is real
that they actually put fear and cleavage sites into coronavirus is then they
sprayed them into bat caves and so the implication is is that they made it
and that an RNA did circulate the globe for the last four years and is still
circulating now i want to put reference to the
fact that i also wrote an article about this at the time that the paper came
out with none other than charles rick c that guy that came to my house
and robert f Kennedy jr in the the chd defender
in that article i acknowledge that the diffuse proposal has this
methodology in it but i was already at that point telling bobby that you have
to consider the possibility the diffuse proposal is a fake with the design
of trying to get people to buy into this lab leak thing because a lab leak
implies a virus with unknown potential it could be an unknown level of deadly
an unknown level of of stable an unknown level of whatever
because it's not natural and that's the whole
that's the whole beauty of the scooby-doo once you start accepting this as a
mystery you need to solve you're accepting that
that boogie man and so what's interesting about the promotion of this is that it
all seems to be a concerted effort to make diffuse real again
why is that interesting well because i think
this all spun out of control when i started to talk about what clones
are and i think that this has a lot to do with this because
if you look in the comment section of this actual post
you will find a comment about kevin that kevin mccurnan the author of this
makes to a subscriber or follower of me
and so i just want to read this i know it's it's sometimes
annoying to have somebody read something but it's a little low and it's a little
small and i want to make some points about what this is and then we're
going to listen to or we're going to discuss what this is really all about
so this is somebody who said that what about clones and the fact that RNA
can't go around the world um with high fidelity for many years
that was the that's the basic 30 000 foot message that i've had for a while
you're probably familiar with this is common remember this is a response
from kevin mccurnan the guy who has been going around the world
on lots of podcasts telling people that there's double-stranded DNA
contamination in the shot and that that means that
that all these guys are bad guys and that it could explain
all of the problems that we've been having which i really
believe is is a red herring so here we go
this is common jj kui bio babble slash folklore
coronaviruses circulate the globe every year
there is no reason why an engineered version could not do the same given it
was derived from parts of viruses that have been doing this for millions of
years so i have the the virology textbook behind
my head here because i want to emphasize that
kevin mccurnan the guy who worked for the human genome project and now has a
a marijuana genetics company
i mean and lives on the atlantic ocean in a very beautiful house
whose brothers have several companies about
about testing for cancer and his father was an absolutely
giant set their family up really well as a successful business man this guy
is no business no reason to waste any of his time
coming against a guy who's renting his house in pittsburgh and streams
from his garage with less than three thousand people
but here he is already 100 percent on
the virology that the nih and the who
and the cdc and everybody else would love you to believe coronaviruses
circulate the globe every year and there's no reason why an engineered
one couldn't do the same in this case someone spent the
effort to hyper optimize the covid-19 ace-2 binding
affinity so that would spread far and wide
that's weird because the first year and a half we were debating about the fact
that it had a fear and cleavage site which made it very infectious
now he's saying that it was actually the ace-2 affinity that caused that i thought
the ace-2 affinity had something more to do
with with how many uh how many people it would
infect or how easily it could infect people but the fact that it would go
throughout the body and be very uh systemic and that when you
coughed it out it would already be ready to bind
was the fear and cleavage site the fault in this logic is assuming the spread
initiated when chinese claimed it did in 2019
when in fact there's evidence of prior circulation this is also important
because this is the opposite of what i said
prior circulation gives time for it to achieve an endemic state we've already
said that it's likely that the background endemic
RNA signal is being confounded with new spread
the most efficient mechanism would be the package of virus and infect a few
people in the city exactly as giordano's
lecture tells us and exactly as i've been teaching for the last
almost three years so again this is a january 19th
2024 post about my ideas and he says that the the
seeding clone hypothesis is chemtrail retarded
dropping clones everywhere hoping for magical transfection to occur while
having an endless parade of spies dropping spreading these clones around
his keystone cop when packaged virus will
perform all this skullduggery for you so he wants you to believe
that viruses are something very different than clones when virology
acknowledges and and actually thousands of papers
that clones are their best approximation of what they can barely find in nature
so it's a it's a direct inversion of what i have to believe he knows is the
truth about RNA virology you expose yourself to
infinite more disclosure points gonna get cost so leaking the virus provides
camouflage plausible diet ability so here we are again being forced back
into solving the mystery so this is the final insult the keystone cop
clone chemtrail hypothesis requires teams of covert people
and frankly is stupid if you know how to package a virus well this is curious
because that's not the argument that i'm making so i want to clarify that
first um the argument that i'm making is that the
cartoon version of the infectious cycle is incorrect where a virus goes into
your lungs it makes copies of itself and then you
cough it out it's much more complicated than that
one of the very early clues that we had of this
was when robert malone told us that the vast majority of viral particles are
non-infectious they're their their replication
incompetent and so that's what's represented at the cartoon over here
i believe this is also the reason why a lot of the objections of the no virus
camp are actually very much spot on and have a great relevance to our
trying to understand the infectious cycle for real if there is one and i'm
open to the possibility that there isn't so the first thing that i'd like you to
imagine or think about is virus packaging and what that has to do with
this is a cartoon a computer model of viral packaging the idea is again
that little tiny red line there is the mr and a and it's supposed to be coiled
around the end protein and then a bunch of end proteins brings that
full genome of the virus into the endosome and the endosome has the spike
protein on the inside of it and so when you when it
invaginates like that then you get this vesicle forming on the inside of the
endosome and that's supposed to be the free virus now the question becomes
how in the world is this all orchestrated how does your cell just get told okay
take this and wrap this all around and and and put this in there and arrange
this that way the idea that the word hijack
is sufficient to justify this cartoon as being fact is absolutely
unacceptable and that's again part of the no-virus
people's objection that i think is really spot on
and in fact um there's there's almost everything that they say is true it's
just the things that they chose not to say for two or three years that frustrate
me but again it could just be that i was an idiot and stuck with these people
this i want to whoa sorry about that that's from my stream
so i would like to oh come on end i would like to just
give you a brief introduction to RNA viruses to make sure that you
understand where we are this is influenza A
and influenza A if you can see my arrow is right here and it's binding with the
cell it's going to go into the endosome and then it's going to release
into this thing a negative strand RNA and some proteins which can copy it
so the first thing to remember in case you're unaware of this is that flu
and measles are negative strand RNA viruses
that they they can't be read by our ribosomes
so in order for an influenza virus to be a useful particle it also needs to have
all of the accessory proteins present so that that negative strand RNA when
it's released into the cell will be reliably copied into a positive
strand RNA which can be then translated into proteins by our
our ribosomes now that's a pretty interesting
scenario right because then if we go back to this
this illusion here then in a flu virus when a flu virus is
assembled not only do you need to get a full genome in there or in the flu
viruses case actually need to get about eight circular RNAs
into the same virus but you also need to get some of these proteins in there
because if they're not in there then this virus will be useless
so contrast that to the positive stranded RNA virus of coronavirus and you
will see that actually the translation of the full genome occurs
immediately and you produce n proteins and you produce this
primary translating poly protein and so these these
this compound protein something something apparently can copy
sub genomic RNAs right away to genomic RNAs or sorry genomic RNAs
right away to genomic RNAs you see in this picture here this is from like
science magazine so if you think that this is kind of a
a bad picture I agree but here you have just a little cartoon that seems to
indicate that this this amount of protein is capable
of making copies of the single stranded genomic RNA
but it's also capable of making these single stranded genomic RNA subgenomic
RNAs that are little tiny ones here and they don't really
explain much more about it it's again a lot of hand waving but again you can see
the task none of these RNAs are supposed to be packaged
only the full genome should get packaged and
shipped out and yet when we've looked at the expression of these positive
stranded genomes in cell cultures we see that the preponderance of
mRNA's that are produced are actually all these subgenomic RNAs like hundreds
of thousands of times more than any full genomes that are made and so this
seems to kind of to support the idea of what Robert Malone
said which is the vast majority of viral particles don't end up with a full
genome inside of them because the full genome is very rarely
copied with high with very very rarely copied successfully and then every
time it is copied successfully there are a number of errors in it because of
the way that RNA is copied now it is possible
in the realm of possibility that this little area here in the cartoon
will be found to be quite high fidelity and Jay's all wrong and he's an idiot
and he can go home but I really doubt that and more importantly
there's no real there's no real firm molecular evidence for the fidelity
here at this step they can say that it's it's here
or it's there but the bottom line is that it's not like
copying double stranded DNA and so you're already at lower fidelity with that
and so what is actually happening here is most likely that these
these RNAs these viruses are interacting with existing machinery
that already packages things that already puts
RNA or DNA into a package and already has proteins on the outside
because then it would make a lot more sense in other words
it's kind of like a cuckoo clock and if you hijack a cuckoo clock you can't
make it make toast you can make it ring at the wrong time
you could make it make funny noises but you can't make it make toast and I
don't think that a virus can go into a cell and make it do something that it
already doesn't do. Cells already package exosomes and send
signals to one another and so I think that this is just
hijacking of that signal and but what that means
is that what we are doing is we are packaging RNA and the vast majority of
the RNA that we find in there is either low fidelity copy or even a
impartial copy and that's the problem with what they find when they look in
these papers what they find when they look in the wild and so this is the
analogy I come up with they are more like mixed tapes
and so you cannot grow them in the wild. A mixed tape is
from the old days where if you bought this in the store it would sound really
good but if you copied it for your friend it would
already have this hiss and it wouldn't sound very well
so you could make a mixed tape for your girlfriend and put all the songs that
reminded you of her on one tape and it would sound okay
but if you wanted to make a copy of that mixed tape it would sound really awful
and this lacking a loss of fidelity upon each copy
there is a there is a equivalent to that in the copying of RNA
that is orders of magnitude more important than the copy
than in the copying of DNA and that's why an analogy for RNA
versus DNA a useful one might be an audiotape versus a CD if you make a
mixed CD and then you made a copy of that CD it would be a
pretty decent copy to listen to but it's not the same with
audiotape and so I'm making the argument that
like audiotape an RNA signal found in the anus of a bat
or found in the lung of a sick child is not a
culturable signal that can be made infinite quantities of
you can't just grab it and go and then you know put some more in the culture
and pull some more out and that that's always been a problem
for them and the way that they overcome it is a
technique that is who's who's um the credit for
inventing it has been given to Ralph Barrick by the
by the narrative by the tv but in reality these are just
standard bench techniques for putting two pieces of DNA together
and in this case the the DNA that they're putting together that they're
ligating together is actually DNA that is the
copy of a genome that they say they found in the wild so they make this DNA
copy and I put a little CD here to indicate that this is a high
fidelity copy and because a coronavirus genome is so long they need to divide
it in a few plasmids and so that's where the
ligation comes in you have five pieces that you can
that you can grow in a bacterial culture and then those five pieces need to be
ligated together into one genome and that ligation step
requires a sort of puzzle piece to be cut
in both ends of those of those plasmids and then that puzzle piece cut is
actually done by a specific enzyme and so with very clever choices
of codons you can actually make an assembly kit
for coronavirus genomes that you can kind of insert pieces into
and this methodology has been blamed for again that that sewing
icon that I put on the worst case scenario it is
it is the stitching of things together and using this technique to do it
that then leads to a huge quantity of DNA and this is the part where Kevin
McCurnan seems to want to try and obfuscate the
idea of clones the problem is with clones is that when you make this DNA
in a bacterial culture you can make as much as you want
and so when you convert it to RNA there's only one step
from converting it to DNA and RNA so there's a limited amount of errors that
will be made and since you're moving from a
pure template of DNA to a limited amount of errors of RNA
you will produce a purity of this full genome that doesn't exist when you
sample these from nature because when you sample them from nature
the mRNA makes a bunch of subgenomic RNAs that overwhelm the RNA signal and
the full genome is almost undetectable and this gets overcome if you do it this
way because you have a DNA copy of the full genome that you
convert to RNA so there's no subgenomic RNA produced
you're not even using an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase you're using an RNA
polymerase that has been commercially optimized
and what this allows you to do is produce cell cultures that are
replicable and everybody can use your your DNA you can just make or RNA you
can just make more of it from the DNA that you made you can make more DNA if
you want you can also make replicable cell
animal models of these infections and you can also share it with people the
worst part about this is just like the mRNA shot you can you can
produce industrial quantities of this it doesn't have to be small batch brewing
you can do a giant batch of this cDNA and then convert it
all to RNA and you will have a large quantity of infectious RNA
that could have never ever ever ever been generated in any other way because
of the nature of RNA copying and fidelity
and so they have indeed used this for all RNA papers
forever this is what they do now they find a signal they make a clone
and now if you want to use my clone i can send it to you
this is an example of a paper that was done in 2019 right before the pandemic
where they use human coronavirus 229e and they make a
clone of it they take this clone and they put it
into a cell culture and they look for the sub-genomic
RNAs to be transcribed and they're trying to look for the
the relative ratio that they're produced in
and so i'm going to skip this slide when they when they find the
this is kind of a hard graph to read but what you're looking for
are these signals here and what level they are relative to the x axis
sorry the y axis hello and so as you go up
in in in the y axis you go up in abundance
and the coverage here so what you're covering is the full genome which is
listed on the bottom so this ORF1a and ORF1b
are where all these magic proteins are which are able to copy the viral genome
but also make the sub-genomic RNAs that are necessary for viral
replication and assembly according to virologists
the interesting thing is is when copying begins
using this clone the vast majority of sub-genomic RNAs that are present
are the n protein the m protein the e protein a protein called number four
and the s protein and in fact when you look for full-length RNAs
they only found two so while there were
somewhere between five and eight thousand copies of the n protein in
some of these transcripts a lot of these are are high numbers
then there are different lengths and different variations of that fragment
there were only two fragments that could qualify as anywhere
near full length now we could have missed some
except the problem is is that we've seen this same signal even in the old days
when we were doing it in old ways when we were still
really just being able to look at MR RNA and looking at whole fractions in
gel pull downs they still saw the the full genome is almost invisible
it's almost impossible to find and so this is a very consistent signal
it's probably not the limitations of nanopore sequencing in that latest
paper because this signals the same
when a coronavirus RNA replicates it very rarely makes a full copy of itself so
how in the world are these things spreading from person to person
it definitely isn't the way that the cartoon describes it that's the reason
why this story doesn't make sense that it's really hard to culture
well if the virus was making perfect copies of itself it would be easy to
culture but it's not it's making very poor copies of
itself many of the copies are non-replication competent that makes it
difficult to culture coronavirus is from the wild
the solution that they've come up with is to take that RNA sequence that they
find in the wild turn it into cDNA constructs that can be
grown in high quantities in a bacterial culture
they can then use any number of ways to convert that cDNA
to RNA you don't have to get into that now and in fact because we're in a talk
with with somebody like Kevin McCurnan it would be really silly for me to try
and wax intellectual about all the details of that
but the point is is that when they do this they are able to create
a purity level of a single copy many many copies of a pure RNA that can't
exist in nature because of the nature of replicating RNA
now the the trick is is that up until now no one has really tried to measure
the infectious ratio of a coronavirus swarm in an animal or in nature or
anywhere else but my guess is it's a lot different
than one to one or 10 to one or even 50 to one
the point is is that if you make an RNA copy
or sorry a DNA master copy you can make lots of copies of the same RNA and you
will have averted this problem that makes it so difficult to culture
coronaviruses from the wild so are you are you suggesting that they're
making um so you know if you put that infectious
clone into a mammalian cell you're going to get a very similar
output to what um SARS does right the the replicated machinery is going to
make this really odd array of different expression from the N gene the M gene
and uh because it has to right if you want to actually stoichiometrically
put one genomic piece of DNA or RNA into a capsid
you have to make like a hundred to a thousand spikes a hundred to a thousand
you know n proteins envelope protein so so they're going to express a lot more
that junk at the end of the molecule just to make that assemble correctly
are you suggesting that that to do an infectious clone release you'd have to
like take the clones grow them in a co-lide like they're doing through the
vaccines and then purify them and then make a lot of T7
like RNA off of it and then infect people with the RNA somehow
because in that case it would be it would be linear it all be one molecule it
wouldn't be all diced up in having this this different type of um
expression profile that we see in nature right so that's that's kind of my point
is that if you did that you would have a an infectious clone would be
and not a accurate representation of what SARS does when it's on its own
so the question becomes ladies and gentlemen what in the world is this
all about why in the world all of a sudden in
January of 2024 do I after being blocked for a year and just kind of
ignoring him do I still get this kind of vitriol when
when we discussed it live over that was in March of 2000 of last year
when we discussed it live he didn't have this went on
there was 15 more minutes of that discussion where we discussed
all of these principles and he didn't think it was crazy
and yet yes sir well what's that uh
we have had Kevin McGurnan on as a guest but that I can't remember what he
looks like was that him then that was him then
absolutely right and so here he is calling me uh
Keystone Cop clone chemtrail hypothesis when we've discussed it many times
and he didn't call it this and so well he seemed a little bit exercised there
I think when he was challenging you uh that's okay I don't have any
problem with that oh no I know I you know I yes okay
I was just calling the first thing that he says is that
in this comment is that co is coronavirus has circled the globe every year he
also says that they hyper optimize the receptor binding domain
and that equals fast spread now that wasn't the way it was it was actually
we turned this off it was actually the fear and cleavage site that was blamed
for that for quite some time um then we have this uh
then we have uh it could not spread as fast as what he said and so it has to be
already endemic but but but I was I've been
explaining that to him that this is a background
and that if there is a background that's being confounded by the PCR then we
would we were just being misled he is purposefully
ignoring that for more than two years
and what so Kevin why just let me go forward let me go forward
ask it at the end ceding clone hypothesis is chemtrail retarded is not a
scientific discussion here this is it a this is a multi-millionaire
wasting his time on his own sub stack trying to trash somebody who has 3,000
followers and was just laid off from chd
like what why does he even need to waste his time doing this unless there is a
reason and the reason is is because this idea
is the right answer you infect a few people with a clone so that you get the
same sequence in any place that you look for it
and if it lasts for a little while or a few days
it doesn't matter I don't know how long it will last I don't know how much
quantity they would use I don't care the point is is that this biology is
real the papers are hundreds and to argue about
whether or not RNA replicates at this at this fidelity or that fidelity
doesn't change the fact that that these clones are used
to make coronavirus biology replicable in each
in each experiment if you don't do that then the moment you do an experiment
with a coronavirus you can't replicate it because it's gone
and so this keystone cop chemtrail hypothesis insult is actually an
admission that this is actually real there's no other way
that this guy with a cannabis company is going to be touring the world talking
about these shots and so leaking the virus is better he's
actually arguing that real viruses have
have attributes that clones don't
and the most important thing and to understand is that in all of his time
and all of his podcasts and all of the microphones he's ever had
he's never once pointed out that on top of all this they were really exaggerating
the danger of whatever it was and that the protocols in America probably
caused mass casualty events that were misconstrued as spread
and so the defense of there are viruses the defense of
the relative replication competence of viruses is irrelevant if you don't
actually acknowledge that there's this giant body
of misleading media coverage that went on for years
and these people ignore all of it and make us focus on clones
and talk about whether or not i'm right or or a little off on the
replication competence of a particular gene in the coronavirus genome
it's absolutely absurd and you can see it here because in that same
video from march of last year uh Jessica Rose says that it's the best
idea she's ever heard and it explains almost everything here is the
the sub-stack that she wrote after that article it says by the way a massive
thank you to Jonathan Cooley, Matthew Crawford, John Bodwin and Mark Gerda Do
for the Thursday night chats you know who Mark Gerda Do is he's the guy who
claims that it's a bolus effect and if you just hit a vein
that that's where autism comes from you know who Matthew Crawford is you
know who John Bodwin is you know who uh Jessica Rose is this
is a description of the Steve Kirsch steering committee that used to meet
on every Thursday night where i would explain this stuff to these people that
now ignore it the only person who covers this
idea is Matthew Crawford. Mark Gerda Do insists that it's still
just injection and missing the vein. John Bodwin is talking about what he
needs to talk about and he's every time he says that the protocols were
murdered somebody cuts him off. We need to wake up to the idea that we
have been lied to and that there are people who are actively lying to us they
are obfuscating the truth about this and they they even go so far as to say
that the viral swarm isn't real even though they have to admit that RNA
cannot be copied perfectly if it can't be copied perfectly the swarm is real
done
and so they have there's an orchestrated campaign to make this
diffuse proposal real so that this fear and cleavage site becomes real again
and so that this cover-up becomes real again and so you think that we think
that our families think that we need to teach our kids
that this was a solved mystery and that Fauci and eco-health alliance are guilty
of this we need to return RNA to real again
we need to return the biology of RNA and clones real again
that's what we need to do and now i'm going to use this analogy and then i'm
going to wrap up but look very carefully at this guy this
Italian guy pretending to stop this subway
and so he gets on and he pulls it to a stop and then he's going to go over here
and he's going to chalk up his his hands and he's going to pretend that he's
doing this now what i want you to understand is that the more people
and please do this thought experiment if you haven't already the more people
that he recruited to do this act the more convincing it would be
especially if you were a young person or you didn't know anything about
electric trains and the bigger the people were
the more animated they were the more lights and and and sparks that that they
had in their in their uniform or or more tools that they used
and more noises that you heard as the train stopped or the train went away
the more convincing it would become that these people
were stopping and starting the train and i want you to think about the pandemic
as something like this that if enough people
were to act like there's a pandemic to agree
to fight about what the pandemic is that you would be bamboozled by it you
would think wow look at all these it must be
and if you were one who really wanted to participate you might even be
invited to hear there here's the tug-of-war pull on the rope
you can help us by pulling on the rope and so you get your position on the
right i yeah jim's raised his hand with a question
oh it's okay good i'll stop right here go ahead jim
well actually jj it was very interesting what you were just saying then you
were interrupted on a key sentence what was that
um well i don't know just that that that um
that all of these people now if you think about how this little
this little cartoon goes the more people that you have standing along the
train the more convincing this this illusion
is and so that people are doing something that matters
and in the in the start of the pandemic do you want to ask your question now jim
go ahead
actually i didn't mean to interrupt i just wanted you to address the
uh if you could the different types of spike pro teams that are being
alleged by a guy named jason mcclellan who supposedly invented the uh
the vaccine um you know i can comment on that a little bit
are you aware of that guy i'm not aware of that guy but i
and i don't want to interrupt you i didn't want i didn't mean to interrupt i just
wanted to get in line early because you're gonna have a lot of questions this
great talk okay great um so the point would be then
to get back to this is that the more people you had standing on the train
that agreed to talk about one thing and that not not question the pandemic
but just talk about one aspect of it like a novel treatment
or whether we can build immunity or not or whether T cells are involved or it's
all B cells or is it a natural killer cells
did the lockdowns work or not i mean are we seeing evidence of masking working
in in asia or not these debates were all real
and they were all televised and they were all designed to make sure that you
didn't question the primary thing that was happening which is that these
mass casualty events equal spread that these PCR tests
equal spread and so all of this stuff was scripted it was
it was gamed it was tabletop exercised for many years they knew
that they were getting closer and closer to getting it right
and so i would argue that there are a couple things that we can know for sure
hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin are underutilized pretty useful drugs
chances are very good that in a place like america using processed food and
eating as bad and and exercising as little as they do
that's something like hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin when applied
to somebody with some immune problem some sickness that it might have some
general effect even if it's not directly related to whatever that they were
experiencing the point being that these are underutilized
pharmaceuticals that have no real danger if they're used properly and even
their overdosing is probably not that dangerous so you have
this issue here that if you accept this again this is the mystery
a novel virus needs novel cures what did they choose they choose novel cures
that you could argue about without any problem
and then they also conveniently did really badly design studies that could
people could argue about people like bret could argue about people like
p.r. cori could write a whole book about
i would argue that the double stranded dna is another
opportunity to make fake helpers join in the vigorous discussion that will
never question the necessity of the transfection in the first place
nor will they question the general application of transfection as a
vaccination methodology because they will say
like like uh buckholtz did that if this dna is in the shot i would still give
it to my my parents but i wouldn't give it to my
daughter he actually said that in front of this
the the south carolina senate this guy who claims that he was
whistleblowing on the dna contamination and confirmed that
kevin mccernan's measurements were right this is a guy who was also very involved
in the testing for coronavirus for the first two years it's not
for nothing that he was chosen to be the guy who again stepped in front of
step to the side of the train and pretend to help stop it
they praised the methodology and they blamed the rush
and so the last thing that is is this diffuse proposal and its contents and
whether or not it's real and whether or not the contents mean that they were
already done whether these released emails indicate that
they the experiments were obviously already done
and just like other aspects of the narrative if you accept this relevance
or even argue about it you are not arguing about whether r and a can go
around the planet and change colors
and they have done this with lots of things
including meetings all around the world where people are invited and considered
celebrities and get to go on stage and present their results
and then somehow or another their results or their objections never
quite come out of the meeting like they should
and so in this scenario i just want you to imagine where
jessica rose is a good guy and and and um
bairam brittle is a good guy and denny rancor is a good guy and
and nick hudson's a good guy and ryan and ryan cole's a good guy and they're
all these people on the stage are pulling
on this tug-of-war but actually when it comes right down to it maybe some of
these people in yellow aren't actually pulling
maybe they're not actually going to leave this meeting and tell everybody
everything they heard they're just going to tell everybody some things that they
heard and that's how they did this throughout the
entire pandemic by calling me by putting me in signal
chats and having me give them tutorials on my
immunology ideas and then not putting them on their podcast
not telling anybody who they were learning this from correcting themselves
but not giving credit they did this to everyone
they're doing it to denny rancor right now they're doing it to nick hudson right
now nick hudson was at this discussion talk
conference in romania and budepest and nobody ever said that his talk was
great and i'm sure it was
and nobody's ever said that denny rancor was there and that he showed there was
no evidence of spread they just show that he shows that 17 million people were
killed by the shot because that's okay to talk about but
there the fact that mass casualty events don't
have spread away from them is not okay so they don't talk about it
but denny presented that data and that's how this is done ladies and
gentlemen they are controlling a narrative about this
potential and any other parts of this narrative are just discarded
and they keep bringing you back to this faith
and keep making it about this phase without making it about there being
no evidence of spread not making it about the projected
medicare costs that were saved in america and around the world especially in
america and not making it about strict liability
in america in in our law where the way that we speak about what happens with
regular pharmaceuticals it's strict liability you're responsible for the
damage that's done with your product and we have we don't apply that to
vaccines we could just change that but nobody talks about it
we have this separate system called ci
cp and vicp which are two kangaroo courts
where all of the claims against vaccine manufacturers are brought and
the u.s. government pays all of those damages they even pay for lawyers that
bring losing cases
and in our constitution it says in the seventh amendment that we have the
right to sue for damages over twenty dollars so that seems to kind of
contradict because we're not allowed to sue
vaccine manufacturers we have to use a kangaroo court
it seems that that's a pretty pretty obvious violation of our seventh
amendment i know they have it
but what have you got to mute yourself
it seems like a regular that's a violation of the seventh amendment but
nobody ever talks about that none of the lawyers that have been in front of
this in this group have ever said to you that one of the ways that we could win
is that we could take a single vaccine injury to
court in a state and have the state court say no we can't see your
your claim because of the prep act and then you could
take that as an appeal to the federal court and have the federal court strike
the prep act has unconstitutional we could be done in months
but nobody's doing that and that should tell you all you need to know
with all of this biology that i have to teach
i got laid off and not from from from a university this time
and so i think the most important thing to understand is this
teamwork case scenario is real some of them were co-opted some of them were
forced some of them were coerced some of them did it gladly
some of them were in place before the pandemic and found themselves between
a rock and a hard place as part of this
control mechanism in the media and then wow do i really have to go along with
this yes you do and we are victims of this
our children are victims of this because they are being misled to believe that
something real happened that could happen again
and that thank goodness transfection worked pretty well for grandma
and it all started with this illusion here
spike protein and antibodies and the antibodies from infection being very
much weak compared to the vaccine antibodies this is a picture that's
taken from Francis Collins his own blog in july of 2020
this is the illusion in a nutshell this is the
lie in a nutshell the variants go on into the future and your infection
antibodies are useless
and depending on who you got in the car with you would have heard all this
you would have heard arguments about all this if you were lucky enough to get in
the car with thomas binder well good but then you would have had to survive
four years with people telling you that thomas binder was crazy
and that's the new world order that they want to teach our kids that's the new
world order they want us to teach our kids and our teachers are doing it
our college professors are doing it the college administrators are doing it
soon this lie like in the book 1984 is going to be forgotten to become truth
and so it's up to us to teach our kids the way out of this it's up to us to
teach our kids that they have been fooled by this
that these changes are real that they are being
transitioned to submit to a digital id and digital currency the digital id is
not a big deal because if you have a phone you already have it
you're being tracked and monitored in ways that a digital id won't even do
it's the digital currency you need to be afraid of of course but i'm not an
expert in this stuff i just know that they're probably right people like
michael edan are probably right this is the
this is the next stage and they want you to believe that one of their excuses
for this one of the excuses for this level of control
is the the ongoing threat of gain of function viruses this is most
important to understand we cannot let our children get on this train
where we believe that we've defeated all diseases in the past by vaccination
that we believe that novel coronaviruses can jump
want them to believe that asymptomatic is a spread is what they need to think
about they're already telling people in in america that rsv is
is asymptomatic and that that they need to be concerned about all of these
respiratory viruses as being asymptomatic this is a train
that our kids are currently on and we have very little time to get them off of
it before they have their own kids and teach them that this is the reality
and so we need to get them off this train we need to get them out of this
new world order so that this isn't erased the way to think about this in case
you're not uh there is that they have told us that we have an
ongoing RNA viral pandemic that started in 2020 and has been going on for
five years five years of sustained RNA transmission that started in a point
in a puddle at an animal cage and has gone around the world
since it leaked that's ridiculous but it is a faith that no one questions
and it is a faith that your children can be trapped in if you don't
start pointing it out to them that we are in the fifth year of this lie
i never thought we'd get this far
and you can see it as a background they don't know what was in the background
before it could be just noise like on a radio that they've turned really loud
and then told you there's organization inside of it
and this RNA signal being confounded as spread
could have been seeded they could have seeded the the sequence using RNA or
RNA clones or the DNA construct and put it in sewers
and the PCR would have been positive some people would have probably complained
because the spike protein and end protein are immunogenic and would have
annoyed their immune system so a transfection by a clone
would have done everything and more to create and see the illusion of the
pandemic without endangering anybody except for the people who bought in
so the way to see these people that are meddling with us is they don't ever
talk about the childhood vaccine schedule as being
as being criminal i heard Pierre Corey on Jimmy Dorr last night saying it was
criminal and i loved it um so good for Pierre Corey
advocate for strict liability of all pharmaceutical products that's the way
you speak to lawyers you just say no i'm not i don't want to talk about
all this other stuff why don't we advocate for strict liability why don't we
use the seventh amendment to strike this prep act we need to start saying that
regularly investigate the use of deadly protocols to create
mass casualty events that were misconstrued as spread
and investigate whether or not transfection could have been used to compound
that problem or to create the molecular illusion of it
um declare or take your sovereignty back from your
from them and and and the sovereignty of your children and withdraw from the
who in the u.n. entirely and if you want to see the medlers they're not
talking about this stuff they rarely cite the deadly protocols that's
number three um they rarely use the word
transfection although Brett Weinstein occasionally does
they never use the word clone to explain anything and in fact if they use the
word clone they use it to ridicule me and finally they attack people instead
of ideas and they are unable to summarize across the entire show and
that's really evident with somebody like um with somebody like Kevin
McCurnan who has defended transfection in the past by saying i hope we don't
throw the bat the baby out with the bath water because of this
contamination and has also very distinctly
not spoken up about any of the protocols ever which of course were used to justify
the rollout of this product and if you really wanted to bring
everybody to attention and to understand how badly with bamboozled you would
tell the whole story at least in a nutshell and not just say it's double
shredded DNA and then my hair's on fire
and the reason why they're doing in this is because the rich people in in
private meetings have been saying for a long time we got to start collecting
this data from these people before they're gone
and since we're going to get rid of them we should start collecting that data they
want your kids and they want your kids kids so this is a multi-generational
thing you don't have to think about this going to be over in a couple years
this is not going to stop because they've convinced themselves that if they
collect enough data and the AI evolves that we're eventually going to solve
all this and we're going to become the transhuman futurist that everybody
wants us to be so please stop transfection human because
they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
that's the end i'm open for questions thank you
well done jj great sorry that was so long
i didn't realize that was so long it was it was wonderful
so we'll go back to our normal process um steven next 15 minutes and then
jim you'll be first after steven so steven